- As a customer, I want to be able to update my contact information and
preferences, so that I can receive personalized communications and ensure that my
account information is accurate.

- As a marketing analyst, I want to be able to run reports on customer behavior
and engagement, so that I can make data-driven decisions about marketing
strategies and tactics.

- As a sales representative, I want to be able to create and send quotes to
customers, so that I can streamline the sales process and provide a more
professional customer experience.

- As a customer service representative, I want to be able to create and track
support tickets for customers, so that I can ensure that all issues are addressed
and resolved in a timely manner.

- As a sales manager, I want to be able to assign leads and opportunities to
specific sales reps, so that I can ensure that everyone on my team has a fair and
equal opportunity to succeed.

- As a customer, I want to be able to view my order history and track the status
of my current orders, so that I can stay informed about the products and services
I have purchased.

- As a marketing manager, I want to be able to create and manage landing pages
for specific campaigns, so that I can improve conversion rates and track the
effectiveness of my marketing efforts.

- As a sales representative, I want to be able to schedule and track follow-up
activities for each of my leads and opportunities, so that I can stay organized
and focused on my sales goals.

- As a customer service representative, I want to be able to access a knowledge
base of common issues and solutions, so that I can quickly and efficiently
resolve customer inquiries.

- As a sales manager, I want to be able to view and analyze sales performance
data in real time, so that I can make informed decisions about resource
allocation and goal setting.

- As a customer, I want to be able to provide feedback and ratings on my
interactions with the company, so that I can improve the overall customer
experience.
